welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take a look at the 2019
remake of David Cronenberg's rabbit yes
we have to let's get to it
we opened on Rose our protagonist and
modern woman pursuing her career and
attempting to have it all she arrives to
work late forcing her to answer to this
insufferable [ __ ] luckily her misfortune
perfectly illustrates the theme behind
kut'rs new line schadenfreude oh so it's
all good in each one of us there's
someone we don't want to show some of
that's a little on the nose
Rose is invited to a work party by Brad
but she declines somewhat miffed he
tries to convince her by declaring it an
official date and you know you want this
at the party they hide away from the
noise and commotion to talk about their
passions and folks true beauty lies
within the things we've yet to uncover
brad goes deep since roses on a
plant-based diet she spends 30 percent
of her day on the toilet while there she
hears a couple co-workers powdering
their noses and laughing about how
Chelsea asked Brad to ask out rose as a
courtesy due to her jacked-up face from
a prior car wreck she's understandably
upset with her best friend and rides off
at dusk the witching hour and gets
plastered by a truck she wakes up a week
later in the hospital the doctor tells
her she's missing part of her jaw and
intestine the goal now is to rest up for
the long road ahead to recovery and from
the looks of him he can't wait to take a
peek at her insights Chelsea feeling bad
about the situation tells her not to
worry about her horrible face or lost
job and to just rest and that she's free
to do so at Chelsea's apartment before
long she's settling in as she's sitting
around catching up on her email she
comes across an advertisement from an
experimental medical facility offering
free advanced treatment therapies she
visits for a consultation and dr.
burrows examines her confirming she
looks gross and also qualifies for an
all-expenses-paid treatment the
treatment itself is highly ritualized
for some reason and apparently all the
communal dressing and pageantry is
needed just to slap a patch of goo on
her Ali Rose wakes up eager for quick
results and undoes all the nurses hard
work she finds her face returned to
perfection but a tummy Rumble sends her
off to the therapy pool where she finds
this Chad getting in some laps after a
brief introduction they have a bloody
and somewhat erotic encounter which she
remembers as a dream the doctor
recommends she take things slow but
clears her to return home at
Chelsey's she focuses on recovery and
self-expression trying to find herself
and reveal her inner designer her
pursuit is interrupted by Brad who's
even more into her now that she's
superhot but she rejects him outright
since he is essentially a stranger later
her and chels go to the club where her
new face and personal dress design
attracts Cooter's attention and prompts
him to welcome her back to work they
celebrate this with some drinking
dancing and an evisceration which she
again takes to be a dream in the outside
world we see Dom from the pool sweating
his balls off and trying to open his
emotional flower he ends up opening this
young punks face instead at home Rose
wakes up on the floor creating blood but
then puking it up so who really knows
our bodies are so complicated she hits
the streets where Billy badass and his
leather shirt is looking for trouble
Rose finds him and offers free kisses
for a ride and then she does stuff to
him disturbed by these apparent
hallucinations she returns to the
Institute where dr. burrows insists the
visions are an effect of the medication
and her preliminary tests look fine and
a downtown hospital we see most of our
prior victims still kickin and desiring
human flesh the CDC has been called in
and they're working to identify the
strain and trace its origin
unfortunately DOM isn't saying much in
terms of words brad manages to score a
Redemption lunch date where he tries to
express true empathy by dramatically
touching roses face she has an
understandably negative reaction to this
when she goes to check herself in the
mirror she discovers an actual physical
manifestation in her mouth she tries to
excuse herself but fiddly crashes the
party and upset about the interruption
of his Redemption arc Brad casually
caves his head in back at the hospital
the CDC official is working to get his
arms around this they've identified the
illness as a mutated form of rabies he
recommends a silent quarantine and to
decline casually gunning down victims
whenever possible Rose has another
back-alley altercation in hopes to find
some help from dr. burrows but gets none
so she continues to focus on her work
and tries to chill out except with young
Brad oh did you not hear there was a
lunch date murder the fashion show now
takes place over the backdrop of a
citywide quarantine backstage Rose gets
a call from burrows more test results
are in now and he needs her at the
clinic but her dress is closing the show
and it doesn't count if you don't see it
Chelsea shows up looking Haggard having
been bit on the subway at the same time
roses out back malfunctioning some
chivalrous gentlemen find her and
quickly begin filming her body reacts
negatively to this and then Brad shows
up unnecessarily concussion this guy in
dance
around while her armpit waves at him
when she comes to Brad is remarkably
ambivalent about what he saw but does
one to get her to the clinic she insists
on watching her dress and the show which
predictably spins out of control at the
clinic dr. burrows tricks them into a
chamber where he reveals Brad's not just
a man of violence he's also a journalist
working for the Institute but don't
worry
Brad truly fell in love along the way
since we are all so invested in that
relationship Burroughs waxes poetic
about the next face and evolution as
they happen upon mrs. burrows previously
unseen despite being well lit and within
line of sight
roses pit snake takes out Brad then she
uses his bowie knife to mutilate herself
and destroy the future of human
evolution before taking herself out of
the equation later we see that the
outbreak has been contained and that dr.
burrows is still at it
doing the hard work of science having
used his advanced technology to heal and
revive Rose but not his wife and that
was the 2019 remake of rabbit a fried
horror movie that felt a little bit
shallower than it wanted to be I would
put it in the same category as the
perfection or a velvet buzzsaw if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for to become
a part of this channel by subscribing
thanks for watching